doc: samples: lwm2m_carrier: Add overlay and doc for SoftBank and LG U+ (#18706)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/lwm2m_carrier/sample_description.rst

* :file:`prj.conf` - Standard default configuration file.
* :file:`overlay-shell.conf` - Enables the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_shell` and :ref:`lib_at_shell`.

> * :file:`overlay-softbank.conf`;:file:`sysbuild-softbank.conf` - Enables configurations for SoftBank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-softbank.conf` and :file:`sysbuild-softbank.conf` - Enable configurations for SoftBank.
```

>   For more information see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For more information, see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.
```

> * :file:`overlay-lgu.conf`;:file:`sysbuild-lgu.conf` - Enables configurations for LG U+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-lgu.conf` and :file:`sysbuild-lgu.conf` - Enable configurations for LG U+.
```

>   For more information see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For more information, see the :ref:`lwm2m_carrier_dependent` section of the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` documentation.
```
